RISE OF ELON

Elon Musk seems wildly popular. He appears in the news weekly, each time with a new incoherent beef, get-rich-quick scheme,
or bacchanal tech-scandal. It is easy to convince oneself that he's powerful and intelligent, based on his public persona.
The case in favor of Elon is easily comprehendible; Bo Cunningham, Senior, enumerated it to me as follows.

"One of the biggest reasons I think positively about Elon Musk is his ability to persevere, even when that’s not what every
one is telling you to do ... What makes Tesla so fascinating is its mission is to accelerate the world’s transition to 
sustainable energy, and Elon Musk has helped make this happen. Not to mention SpaceX and all of the new tech regarding 
reusable rockets. Musk knows the risk of carbon emissions and global warming, but rather than make it political, he took 
action and made Tesla the tech and vehicle giant it is, all while staying in tune with Tesla’s mission ... Tesla also has 
the safest cars in the world, as well as the most American-made, helping bring jobs to America ... More recently and 
controversially, Musk bought Twitter for billions in the name of free speech, as he has seen the rapid censoring across 
several social media platforms, and wanted to make his site the opposite. Through this outlet, he has pointed out flaws in
the media and politics which has them setting their sights on him."

Elon Musk was born in 1971 to an English and Dutch family, in Pretoria, South Africa. He attended what Americans would call
"private" schools throughout his childhood, located in predominantly-white suburbs. However, his family, including his City
Councilman father, publicly opposed the institution of apartheid, with one Musk biographer claiming this opposition 
contributed to a young Elon's decision not to join the military, but to attend college in Canada, where his mother was 
born. His family was wealthy: Elon's father helped to fund his first company, Zip2, a website that hosted city guides. 
Musk's shares there were bought out in 1999, and he moved on to finance, co-founding X.com, an online bank, in March of 1999. 
After a year, this company merged with a larger, similar one called Confinity, forming a union called PayPal. Musk 
was the chairman, and became the company's second ever CEO after Bill Harris was ousted a month in. This lasted around six
months, after which point Elon was removed and replaced by his longtime foil/nemesis, Peter Thiel. Elon remained the 
largest shareholder, owning over 10% of the company until it was bought in 2001 for $1.5 billion. 

Elon invested his PayPal money into two companies in the early 2000s through which he became a household name. One began 
when the Mars Society, a group of space enthusiasts, tried and failed to buy a viable rocket from the newly formed State of
Russia. Elon founded SpaceX, then, with the goal of making affordable, viable space travel a reality. The company has since
launched many rockets, making strides in reusable spacecraft and satellites. Simultaneously, he invested in a startup 
electric car company called Tesla, which has truly been a massively successful disruption of hegemonic carbon in vehicles.
It has also been a frequent beacon of controversy, due to Elon's staunch anti-union leadership, deaths stemming from "full
self-driving" mode, accusations of "pervasive racial harassment" and "a hostile work environment," the fact that it takes 
between 3,000 and 8,000 gallons of water to put out a Tesla that's on fire because of the ensuing chemical reaction, and 
Musk's constant public exaggeration of the company's capabilities. He's also founded xAI, Neuralink, and The Boring Company.

All of that is not how I first learned about Elon Musk. He is most well-known as a Twitter celebrity. He's been an active
user of the platform for almost 15 years now, loudly proclaiming his conservative cultural and economic stances, frequently
cited and celebrated by the "alt-right." His celebrity on the platform culminated last year, when he bought the company and
renamed it "X." He's made many unpopular decisions since then, such as firing approximately 80% of the company's employees
and cutting most content moderation amid an unprecedented rise of hate speech on the platform. 

X was once the best source on the internet for large amounts of textual data. Its API (interface allowing data access and 
transfer) was easily the most robust among the major apps, and researchers in disparate fields such as journalism, 
linguistics, and political science relied on it heavily. Essentially, any time a claim is backed up by "social media 
evidence," it is almost always the result of an algorithm run on a wide swath of Twitter data. Vastly increased pricing and
general degradation of service "will devastate public interest research," as the board of the Coalition for Independent 
Technology Research declared in their open letter to the board of Twitter sent in 2023. 

Kolya Souvorin, Senior, was impacted by this in his research into Machine Translation for Kinyarwanda. "It is hard to find 
large amounts of Kinyarwanda text on the internet. Up to this year, the API allowed for unlimited data scraping for free, 
which would have been a very good resource, as many Rwandans use Twitter. It would now cost about $500 to access the amount
of data that my project would require. He's running the company dry."

Taylor Aishmann, Senior, felt similarly. "Elon reminds me of the card in Cards Against Humanity which says 'Having big 
dreams, but no realistic way to achieve them.' At the end of the day, though, he's just another out-of-touch billionaire.
He's wanted an 'everything app' since Paypal, so the rumors go, and his sudden removal was because it wasn't a realistic 
expectation at that point. It's not a realistic expectation now, either. His conduct since shows that he doesn't really 
understand how coding works."
