(tbh)

# getting naked, playing with guns


So I had these four dumb-ass friends all named Rogan, our sole unifying trait that we all lived within 
walking distance of the richest Rogan’s robust, doted-upon home. We went to school together, they liked me 
‘cause I hated women ‘cause I was gay, which I didn’t know at the time. We bonded off that mutual 
resentment. The story doesn't start ‘till this real twitchy, spindly neighbor kid moves in a couple doors 
down. Forget his name, it wasn’t Rogan, let’s call him “Lucas”. My mom worked with his mom, something like 
that, and I was instructed to ‘ingratiate’ him into my friend group. He had dirty blond hair to his ears 
but no further, and laughed that off-putting sort of laugh where his eyes bulged with anxiety far greater 
than the situation called for, and the source of his laughter, usually human, sort of withdrew from the 
situation, eschewing tact in the interest of expediency. They were kind, his eyes when he wasn’t laughing, 
like he wanted everyone else to feel a little bit better than he did. I think they were green.

It was 2 PM on a Saturday, one of those evergreen nostalgic Saturdays where no one has a car or job or 
interesting fact about themself, and everyone’s content to get sloshed off Rogan’s mom’s bottle of shit 
vodka, mixed with “Dr. Perky” or something off-brand like that. We used to sit around and pretend to play 
Dungeons And Dragons. Lucas knew what he was doing. He came in and asked who the “DM” was, and we all just 
sort of smirked and stared. 

We would just sit around and tell decentralized stories of crazy stunts and feats of strength that our 
characters were capable of, usually ending nowhere intentional, but by force of interruption. The 
characters sometimes remained constant. They were all either men of great power we’d get hard at being, or 
women we’d ogle in our imaginations. One Rogan had this awful giant sorceress he was always forcing us 
into sexual situations with. I think I was putting up with that shit for two years straight before he got 
sent to special school for popping that Mormon girl’s eye with his thumb. 

I played a sumo wrestler named “Big Boy”. Most of the time, I just said my character’s name in response to 
all questions for the night, and the others would fill in the blanks. It was meditative, if a little 
demeaning. I got out of character, for a moment, to encourage Lucas to put up his “gay-ass character 
sheet”. 

The Rogan to my left tapped him on the shoulder and said, “No, no, I think it's cool, may I read it?”  
Lucas had more faith in strangers than he should have, and handed the sheet to Rogan, who stuffed the 
whole thing in his mouth, chewed for four seconds, and grumbled, “Well, anyway”, having at that point 
swallowed. 

We played for about 3 hours, starting in a town. That was normal. We decided that there had to be a 
concert that night, in the town, but that no one wanted to perform. This was perfect, as Lucas claimed to 
be a bard. We made him stand and sing, it was Modern Baseball or American Football or something. I 
remember the rogan with the sorceress, he farted so loud we thought something in the house had ruptured, 
and then he started rubbing his hands all up in his asscrack, then onto Lucas. I could tell by how easily 
he took it that something like that had happened to him before. We basically ignored him the rest of the 
time. Every 30 minutes or so he’d accidentally cough or something and Rogan would seethe and make him 
flinch and the cycle would iterate once more. 

I think we fought a dragon after that. I did a really cool move, where Big Boy straight up started rolling 
around in circles, picking up speed, and hit the dragon going 45. One rogan had a character that was just 
himself with a gun. He delivered the finishing blow. 

The Rogan whose house we were at, he got real quiet and serious near the tail end of our session, maybe 
like 7:00. Usually, after another 30 minutes or so, two Rogans, whoever was rambunctiest on the given day, 
would begin playing “Battle War Simulator: Colonizer’s Burden” or “Gunpowder Commando: Ultimate Operation” 
or one of those fucking games, and the rest of us would watch and crack jokes targeted at offending this 
one type of woman we made up, who was very annoying and bitchy. We called her “The S.J.W.," and put all of 
our creative energy toward disappointing her. Instead of beginning the troubleshooting process on the 
lumpy piece of hardware, a console much closer to the dread red ring than the factory seal, Rogan told us 
he found something in a box in the garage. His parents were pornographers, or maybe they just lived in New 
York for a bit. Rogan pulled out an antique-adjacent revolver, and spun the cylinder, showing us the one 
bullet he had put in it. “We’re packing now”, said one Rogan, as he crushed a can of Dr. Perky against his 
thick forehead. Lucas seemed scared, but he didn’t say anything. We became entirely unable to focus on our 
DnD session, leaving one Rogan’s literally high elf stranded in the middle of fighting six wild boars. 

Now we knew immediately that we were gonna play Russian Roulette. The numbers were just right. Me and the 
Rogans fretted for a while about what we could use, that would maintain the essential tension of the game, 
while not ending in a murder charge. We first considered using our phones, but one Rogan didn’t have one 
yet. Same deal with Xboxes, one Rogan was between systems at that particular moment. I suggested, 
presuming that the others would recognize it immediately as a joke, that we could use our dogs. everyone 
had at least one, except Lucas, who had one cat, little tuxedo fucker named “Dodger” he had already shown 
us several photos of. No Rogan was capable of rousing any concern, due to their group-think exponentially 
growing toxic masculinity. Lucas, to reiterate, was new, and quiet. I didn't want to seem weak, and shoot 
down my own idea. So we disbanded, each walking to our respective house or apartment. 

I remember when I got back to my house it was cold as shit inside. Under 65, certainly. My mother was 
under a blanket on the couch, half-shivering, half-trembling. She was watching my six-year-old brother 
watch MyTubeKids on his tablet, one of those David Lynch ripoffs they spoonfed ‘em back in the day. I 
asked my mom where Bosco was. He was wearing a cone, ‘cause of a rash. She told me he was in his crate, 
and asked why I needed him. I said I was taking him for a walk. She was real suspicious, cause that 
technically qualified as a “chore”. She made me promise I didn’t have any funny business planned; back in 
those days I could lie to her like it was nothing.

We were taking our pets to that big concrete slab near the front of the woods, with all the brush and 
weeds and bugs, where we did all of our little clandestine activities. It was 77 degrees, 8:00 pm. Dusk 
was beginning to make little trickle-streams all across the sky. The last Rogan arrived with an old, 
weathered beagle on a leash. For some reason, the six of us weren’t content with Russian Roulette, so, 
like with any of our games we felt didn’t have legs to stand on their own, we incorporated a strip 
element. If we flinched, from the gun, we were to take off one article of clothing, in the order shirt, 
pants, shoes, socks, underwear. Nobody really wanted to be there, but the last guy who demonstrated 
himself to be afraid in front of the Rogans basically lost all of his friends at school instantly, and 
then his parents got divorced, and then he got hit by a car and died. First up was a Rogan. I could have 
sworn I saw a tear glimmer across his cheek as he pointed the nose of the revolver at a picturesque golden 
retriever, but it must have been my imagination, as that sort of behavior surely couldn’t have gotten past 
the rest of them. Lucas stood eerie still, but the rest of us all twitched around full-bodied, 
exaggeratedly, like balloon men at an auto dealership. We loudly continued to do so throughout the five 
remaining rounds. Most of our strip games went like that, with everyone eager to get as naked as possible. 

Lucas was stone-cold. I went third, or something, and felt like I had tied myself to something heavier 
than I could imagine, like I was completely and utterly the world’s bitch. I clicked it and screamed, 
jumping high enough to get on eye-level with the trees. Me and the Rogans took off our shoes, blank bodies 
glistening in the twilight. Lucas went fifth, he got there fifth. He looked like :|, like we had ruined 
him. He clicked it, and didn’t flinch or yell or anything, but let out kind of an anguished wail a few 
seconds delayed, and hugged Dodger for like ten seconds, 'til he squirmed out. As Lucas was looking away, 
the rest of us got completely nude, and as usual, began making fun of how small the Rogan with the small 
cock’s cock was. What we realized immediately, was that the Rogan with the small cock was next in line, 
with no hope. He gave one of those looks like when Wile E. Coyote accidentally walks off a cliff, and 
holds up a sign that says “HELP” for that brief second before gravity hits. None of us said anything. 
Lucas returned his cat to the ground, and looked on silently. 

Small Cock Rogan looked down the barrel of the gun, at the dog that he had known for all his living 
memory. He had a steely gaze, unnaturally calm looking through a sight due to years of gaming. With deft 
accuracy the likes of which any military recruiter would fawn over, he zipped the rifle to the right and 
up again in half a second, and shot Dodger's face and front two arms off. His blood was red and both 
halves of him were filled with little red and brown organs. You couldn’t really tell what color his fur 
was anymore, or that he used to be a cat. The rest of us stood cold. Lucas wailed again, a piercing, 
howling, banshee wail. He ran after Small Cock Rogan blindsided by rage and grief, getting real low to the 
ground and just kind of throwing himself forward, gaining remarkable ground. Small Cock Rogan, however, 
had something a little more powerful than grief on his side. He had given himself the gift of nudity, and 
people are much faster when nude, that's true, ask anybody who’s legitimately, scientifically tested it. 
Lucas got close enough to lay a finger on Small Cock Rogan, grazing his left arm, but Small Cock Rogan 
slipped away after Lucas tripped on a big exposed root, and zoomed off to the southeast, totally out of 
sight. By the time he got up. Lucas turned, growling giving to snarling at the rest of us, but 
unfortunately for him, we were naked too. He gestured toward us, but knew that he’d never catch up, and 
that even if he did he couldn’t punish us in any way that would matter. He darted off to the southwest, 
crying out desperately for something like vengeance. 

I heard he stayed out there until 2 AM. he didn’t find Small Cock Rogan, but he did run into a couple 
friends of mine who happened to be smoking cigs out in those woods. He was covered in tears and blood and 
piss. he asked, “Have you seen anyone naked out here tonight?” 

They said “No”, and then said a word that I made a promise that I would never say again. 

Lucas felt his way back through the woods, and hit the big concrete slab at the entrance that you couldn’t 
really miss. He stepped in something dead and wet. He grimaced, smelling stench, and picked Dodger up with 
his hands. He carried his cat all the way home, retching and heaving, trying to hold him in a way that 
would minimize contact with blood and totally eliminate contact with guts. He sneezed up a bunch of snot 
all over his face that had pooled up while he was crying, and accidentally wiped it off with the hand that 
was in the blood. It tasted like batteries and rotting.
